and coal
this is a railway like the ones
in alone
all day locomotives bid on
up and down carrying the passengers
Where do they want to go?
this is a steam locomotive this
locomotive looks a bit like yes
it's called steam locomotive because the
steam is what drives it
the locomotives do better by heating
water with very intense fire
this fire is made with burning coal
here is a mountain of coal
ready for the locomotive that needs it
the coal is black and comes in pieces
big
when the coal is burned carefully in
the kettle gets very very hot
the steam locomotive needs to maintain
its fire burning all day to
doing it needs a lot of steam
in the morning the stoker palais a
coal in the boiler of the locomotive
when you fight enough coal what
light very carefully
soon as the water warms
enough to steam and boost
the locomotive
the stoker must add more coal to
keep the fire burning is a job
very hard
the locomotive carries the coal in a
Special box behind your cabin
every morning the special box is
filled with a lot of carbon
when the special box is full
driver and the stoker can be
sure that you have enough coal
for the whole day and they can always
do a lot of steam
with a lot of coal to make a lot of steam
the locomotive can recycle by the
guides all day leading to the
passengers from station to station in good
weather
look at that dense white vapor the coal is
a very important part of the way
railway